user orders unfinalised

updating challenges

england - processing order for piece at edi: move to nth
england - processing order for piece at lvp: move to edi
england - processing order for piece at lon: move to eng
france - processing order for piece at mar: move to spa
france - processing order for piece at par: move to pic
france - processing order for piece at bre: move to eng
italy - processing order for piece at ven: move to rom
italy - processing order for piece at rom: move to nap
italy - processing order for piece at nap: move to ion
germany - processing order for piece at mun: move to ruh
germany - processing order for piece at ber: move to kie
germany - processing order for piece at kie: move to den
austria - processing order for piece at vie: move to bud
austria - processing order for piece at tri: move to alb
austria - processing order for piece at bud: move to ser
turkey - processing order for piece at con: move to bul
turkey - processing order for piece at ank: move to bla
turkey - processing order for piece at smy: move to con
russia - processing order for piece at mos: move to ukr
russia - processing order for piece at war: move to gal
russia - processing order for piece at sev: move to rum

lon: order failed

bre: order failed
phase incremented. new phase: 1
